That is your first look at Deno folks.
From its philosophy about how
it thinks about dependencies,
how it thinks about security,
how it puts TypeScript first and
it really focuses on that.
And the way that it sort
of asks you to rethink,
the paradigms that you're already
familiar with in node.js.
I hope that it's open your mind a little
bit to doing things differently,
when I first started working with
Deno I did not like it at all.
But after putting this course together,
I like it quite a bit,
I like it a lot, and
I think that it has a lot of promise.
I don't know that it will take off but
I think that it might,
I think it has a really good chance to.
Thank you for being here with me today,
you can find me on Twitter,
you can emailed me directly, and
I I'd love to hear from you, so thank you.